Add conic gradient and define gradient type semantics (#167)
lottie/lottie-spec: docs/specs/values.md

| `1`       | Offset of the 3rd color (`1` means at the end) |
| `1`       | Alpha component for the 3rd color |

<h3>Gradient Types</h3>

Gradient types are defined by {link:constants/gradient-type} with the following semantics
(Properties are the ones from {link:shapes/gradient-fill} and {link:shapes/gradient-stroke}).

All gradient types use a padded spread, meaning the color stays constant outside the range.

<h4>`1`: Linear Gradient</h4>

> The gradient changes colors across a straight line, with `s` inidicating the point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gradient changes colors across a straight line, with `s` indicating the point
```

at offset 0 and `e` the point at offset 1.

<h4>`2`: Radial Gradient</h4>

The gradient radiates between an outer circle and a point within it.

The outer circle corresponds with offset 1 and is centered at `s` and has radius
`|e - s|`.

The inner point is defined in polar coordinates relative to `s` and `e`:

`h` is a percentange of the radius (between 0 and 100) indicating the distance
from `s`. A value of 0 indicates being at `s` and a value of 100 being on 
the edge of the outer circle.

`a` Is the angle in degrees the point is offset from the line between `s` and `e`.
A value of 0 indicates the point is on that line, otherwise it's rotated clockwise
by that many degrees.

> <h4>`3`: Conic Gradient</h4>

Reviewer: What should implementations do with `e`? Should it be ignored, or does it have a role for conic gradients? Needs to be explicitly stated.

Author: Initially I had it define the start angle (relative to `s`) but it made everything very awkward. With the current specs, it's ignored.

The gradient changes colors across a circle around a point.

`s` indicates the center of the circle.

> `a` Is the initial angle in degrees if absent, assume 0.

Reviewer: better phrasing

```suggestion
`a` is the initial angle in degrees. If omitted, defaults to `0`.
```

Offset values represent portions of a turn around the circle turning clockwise.

> A value of 0 will be at the angle `a`, a value of 0.25 will be 90 degrees from that.

Reviewer 2: What are offset values? Is this just the value of `a`?

Author: In the gradient colors [0-1] offsets before the r g b

| `1`       | Offset of the 3rd color (`1` means at the end) |
| `1`       | Alpha component for the 3rd color |

<h3 >Gradient Types</h3>

Gradient types are defined by {link:constants/gradient-type} with the following semantics
(Properties are the ones from {link:shapes/gradient-fill} and {link:shapes/gradient-stroke}).

<h4>`1`: Linear Gradient</h4>

The gradient changes colors across a straight line, with `s` inidicating the point
at offset 0 and `e` the point at offset 1.

<h4>`2`: Radial Gradient</h4>

The gradient radiates between an outer circle and a point within it.

The outer circle corresponds with offset 1 and is centered at `s` and has radius
`|e - s|`.

The inner point is defined in polar coordinates relative to `s` and `e`:

> 

Reviewer 2: Pixels outside of the circle radius will use the end color?
